well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I guess we have to talk about
the censorship a hate speech okay so to
start off with I'm gonna give you a
disclosure notice I'm an avid rabid anti
racist so I'm gonna be a little biased
here generally in broad terms I support
what YouTube did I understand why
they're doing it they're trying to clean
up their platform I get that
I especially understand it because you
can go to the comments section of videos
on my channel and you'll see this is a
breath of fresh air you know in
comparison to the cesspool that YouTube
has become I can see them wanting to
make a change so the question is when
does something become hate speech when
does it become dangerous when should it
be censored that's the question to me
the line symbol you want to be a bigot
you've got a right to be a big you do
the second you advocate for violence
discrimination or some kind of negative
thing to be visited upon whoever it is
you're bigoted against well then that's
a problem that's the lawn you know you
can think whatever you want you can talk
about whatever you want but the second
you start wanting to encourage others to
hurt people well that changes things
that changes things and I don't care how
veiled it is when you say well we need a
leader leaderless resistance historians
know what that means
that's assassinations and Church
bombings yeah you need to get off the
platform
so I don't have time to be in the
comments-section tonight I'm gonna get
out go ahead and get ahead of some of
the arguments that are going to pop up
well I have a First Amendment right you
do you do that protects you from the
government not from a private company
and not from public outcry this is
censorship and I have freedom of speech
you do have freedom of speech but nobody
has to platform you nobody I'm an editor
I have my own platforms I don't allow
racist stuff online I can't hold YouTube
to a higher standard the go build your
own platform well they took out things
that that weren't you know that weren't
racist they took out you know stuff
about conspiracy theories and and all of
the stuff yeah that's a gray area to me
but it's not my platform in my opinion
that stuff should be out there sunlight
is a really good disinfectant it makes
it easier to debunk and I also like it
because it encourages people to become
interested in history yeah they start
off in a bad place a lot of times but
then they find out some truth along the
way and then you just have to get rid of
the junk they picked up a lot of these
guys are ardent capitalists that are
that are complaining about this move
gentlemen the market has spoken the
market has spoken it's that simple we
don't want you well it could happen to
you it could at any time it's at their
platform they have that ability
it's theirs they own it that their
responsibility is to the shareholders
that's it that's why maybe large
corporations really aren't such a great
thing in a lot of ways but in this case
hmm I don't really have a whole lot of
problem with what they did but they made
mistakes you know that they banned a
history professor
how can you yeah I know they did they
made mistakes they banned thousands of
channels
they hit thousands of channels in this
thing they made mistakes if we take all
of the ones that we know about all the
mistakes that we know about multiply it
by ten what do you got 200 YouTube was
more accurate with their deletions and D
monetization then police are with their
gunfire I mean I am certain that they
will roll out a patch they will fix this
there are bugs but let me tell you bout
one of the channels they did take out
they took out an organization that D
monetized an organization called news to
share
go over there it is hours upon hours of
Nazis speaking Klansmen speaking
alt-right rallies that's that's that's
like 60% of the content on that thing
ran by a guy named Ford Fisher he's the
frontman we're drinking buddies I'm an
avid anti racist yeah they made a
mistake they did and they'll fix it I'm
sure there are different kinds of
journalism what you're watching right
now is a gonzo journalism board he's a
documentarian he documents extremist
activity and protests in the United
States that's what he does yeah there
there's gonna be a whole lot of Nazis
and all right guys on his channel I know
some people are saying well he's
platforming them you know he's doing
this he's getting their ideas out there
I understand that I do I really do
and you'll definitely come to that
conclusion if you go to his comment
section there's a lot of racist
sentiment so much so that I don't go
there anymore and I'm a patreon
supporter I understand that however to
those who would say he's platforming and
that he's helping them the question I
have is how many violent Nazis or
Klansmen
have you helped to put behind bars I
guarantee you for Fisher's numbers
higher you remember when that goon drove
his car into the crowd guess whose
footage was instrumental in figuring
that out guy opening fire on the crowd
yeah
and I know that a lot of the big
complaint I get from a lot of the
anti-fascists I know is that well you
know we have our own people who do you
know go to these things and photograph
and videotape it and we don't have to
put it out there for public consumption
you know we can dock some yeah I get it
you can do all your intelligence work
from your from your stuff however there
are people that don't have access to
your stuff and those speeches yeah still
photographs they can they can provide
identification video evidence of those
speeches provides intent that's what
intelligence work is is really about you
got to know who the guys are who are
actually trying to incite violence and
the guys who are just there to rip off
the racists because that's a large
portion of them a lot of these guys
don't believe their own stuff they're
just there to make money and his videos
can really help determine who's who
and so yeah they made mistakes and I'm
sure they will fix it and and forward a
news to shares is a just a brilliant
shining example of it it's the one time
you're gonna find me and ben shapiro on
the same side because I guess he's taken
up form two there are a lot of outlets
that have used their material
I mean seriously only one of the outlets
that I've written for and I have written
for a lot has not used their stop it's
extremely valuable journalism now to
Ford because I'm sure you're gonna watch
this two things one come pick up your
emergency car kit to quit your belly
aching I read about you in Rolling Stone
today you can't buy publicity like this
anyway guys it's a just a thought y'all
have a good night